---
layout: post
title: "MMX Hill Dash 2"
author: "Bex Edmondson"
tags: [game, hutch]
hero:
  image: 
    file: hilldash2gradient.jpg
  actions:
   - text: download here
     link: https://go.onelink.me/app/22f4bab7
     icon: external
---

&nbsp;

## Game Description

MMX Hill Dash 2 is a FREE all terrain, off-road monster truck racing game with 100s of race challenges – get behind the wheel and buckle up for the most addictive & FUN physics based PVP driving game!

Race to the finish line over a multitude of racing tracks with hazards, hill climbs, jumps, loops, bridges and ramps. Go turbo with awesome truck upgrades and try to climb to the top of the leaderboard in this crazy MMX racing game that will test your driving skills to the limit!

MMX Hill Dash 2 has the biggest trucks and the roughest all terrain tracks like Tropical, Canyon, and Arctic for you to prove yourself as the ultimate hot wheeled driver. With ultra-realistic physics, fun crash scenarios and challenging off-road gameplay, you won’t be able to stop playing MMX Hill Dash 2.

Get both hands on the wheel and your big foot on the gas, download MMX Hill Dash 2 today and start racing.

Features:
* Complete challenging off-road racing trials
* Upgrade your trucks, go big on tires, boost your speed and get more grip
* Strap in for some fast PVP action, take on your friends in 4WD race offs
* Climb to the top and be the best MMX driver ever
* Crank up the action with custom upgrades, tracks and hard courses
* Loads of awesome monster trucks to race

Become a legendary driver, take to the road driving hugely powerful vehicles and race hard or go home. Compete on challenging interesting off-road tracks with many different obstacles. Punch that throttle, speed straight ahead and win white knuckle ride PVP races on racing tracks that take real driving skills to finish. Jump over ramps, fly over a variety of obstacles and take the chequered flag.

Create a monster truck to crush your opponents and improve them with different boosted systems. Upgrade your truck and improve Speed, Grip, Stability and Air Tilt! Transform your truck into a unique vehicle for some furiously fast fun.

Get airborne with spectacular jumps and loops that test you as a driver. Control your gas pedal to tilt forward or hit the brakes to tilt backwards, it’s up to you to nail your start before launching your truck over huge jumps. Time your throttle action to perfection to stop things getting seriously out-of-control.

Defeat all your rivals and become a champion driver! Climb the leaderboard by burning some serious rubber in a choice of epic, boosted vehicles: The Micro, The Monster, The Tank, The Buggy, The Quad Bike, The Amphibian, The Supercar and the Snow Mobile

MMX Hill Dash 2 is the explosive follow up to the massively successful MMX Hill Dash - Off Road Racing, it’s high octane, adrenaline fuelled, PVP driving action from start to finish. Can’t drive 55? Good, put your pedal to the metal, download MMX Hill Dash 2 for FREE today and start playing!

## My Contributions

I was part of the client-side development team for this project, mostly responsible for feature implementation and bug fixing. I worked on the project for its entire lifespan, and continued to work on the game for all the post-launch updates as the only developer for the concluding six months. Most notably, I implemented a gacha-like feature called Highway to Wealth, a server-validated, animation-driven minigame played daily.